Reviews

Kurtis and Kurtis Sets

1.Perfect fitting, colour, material, print quality,and comfort everything as per picture shown.

2.Very comfortable material, so soft and unique design.must buy kurtis for karovi.

3.It's a nice looking kurti and the color didn't fade after washing.Good purchase .

4.Quality of cloth is very nice and value for money product. Recommended to have it.

5.Very comfortable to wear as it is light weight and the size and shape is perfect.  This is my second buy of this product the colour of the lace gets faded after a number of uses. For this price it is a best product.

6.The look and quality of the product is good.

7.Comfort level 100%, very good for daily wear, college and work.Exactly like shown in the picture. Overall fantastic go for it!

8.Its color, quality and look is very good. It’s exactly as shown in picture.

9.Its a really nice and beautiful kurtis set at this price range..i am happy with the product..

10.The color & design of the outfit is very  beautiful..Thanks karovi for such a wonderful product.. 

11.I like this set of kurti and Perfect fitting, colour, material, print quality,and comfort everything as per picture shown.

12.	Good quality woman Kurt. Expected fit size.
   	Nice colour combination,
	Fabric also good,
	Value for money.

13.This is combination for good fabric & style.Packaging was also good

14.I'm happy with this product. Good material. Timely delivered. Overall good experience. You may give it a try once.

15.Really liked the kurti very comfortable no complaints even after wash.. all together very nice...

16.This Kurtis are really good and cloths quality and finishing also good....... I like this product

17.It's comfortable and very good fitting, Good quality material 👌

18.Overall fitting is good..and comfortable to wear all the day..go for it..thanks to Karovi..

19.The color & design of the outfit is very  beautiful.. Good quality material,Really happy with the purchase.. Would definitely love to buy other colors in the item.. Thanks karovi for such a wonderful product..

20.The quality of the fabric is really comfortable.Looks really good.10/10 recommend, go for it. 

21.Writing the review after using it for 3 weeks now.. quality of the product is Vary Good.

22.Extremely happy with the kurti set ....the quality is Good, definitely will recommend others to buy .

23.Fabric quality is very good. Colour and fitting are also good. Awesome look. Value for money deal. 

Gown

1.It is very light weight and soft .I had purchased 4 Gown of the karovi brand and loved all of them .

2.Excellent design, comfort and overall fabric color combination is great value for  money.Recommended

3.Overall fitting is good..and comfortable to wear all the day..go for it..thanks to karovi.. material and colour is as same in online details..

4.Happy to receive this product at discounted price. It is value for money. Quality of fabric is good. Size is perfect. Colour is same as shown in picture. 

5.Very good in quality, comfort. Same as picture. Worth buying,

6.It’s very nice good quality I will recommend all to buy this Gown from Karovi.

7.This is my second purchase from a karovi .Very beautiful Gown..This was the most beautiful gown ever that I ordered in online.. 

8.Love the feel, length is nice .  Nice design. Would definitely buy in more colors.

9.I am very happy with this product. I buy two of them . Material is so soft.

10.This is the second Gown in this style I have purchased. The Gown is soft and comfortable.

11.Gown buy for my sister.she loves it! And Very happy with the material

12.The material is very beautiful and in a very good quality... The fabric is really good, it's value for money.

13.Excellent product.Excellent material.I suggest you to go for this.

14.Good Quality of meterial used to this Gown, as we expected.very  happy to receive this product.I recommend to buy products from karovi.

15.Really a nice looking Gown. same as shown in picture. recommend everyone to go for it.I loved it

16.Good Quality of meterial used to this Gown, as we expected. very much happy to receive this product.I recommend to this Karovi products.

17.A gorgeous Gown with high quality material. Light weight and easy to wear.